DOCS-1003: Update `obstacles_pointcloud` attributes (#1696)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/services/vision/segmentation.md

| Parameter | Inclusion | Description |
| --------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `min_points_in_plane` | Optional | An integer that specifies how many points there must be in a flat surface for it to count as a plane. This is to distinguish between large planes, like the floors and walls, and small planes, like the tops of bottle caps. <br> Default: `500` </br> |
| `min_points_in_segment` | Optional | An integer that sets a minimum size to the returned objects, and filters out all other found objects below that size. |

> | `clustering_radius` | Optional | An integer that specifies how far apart points can be (in units of mm) in order to be considered part of the same object. A small clustering radius will more likely split different parts of a large object into distinct objects. A large clustering radius may aggregate closely spaced objects into one object. 3.0 is a decent starting value. <br> Default: `1` </br> |

Reviewer: The radius is no longer in units of mm, as the underlying algorithm has fundamentally changed. The description should be updated to just read:
"An integer that specifies which neighboring points count as being "close enough" to be potentially put in the same cluster. This parameter determines how big candidate clusters should be. A small clustering radius will more likely split different parts of a large object into distinct objects. A large clustering radius may aggregate closely spaced objects into one object."

> | `clustering_radius` | Optional | An integer that specifies how far apart points can be (in units of mm) in order to be considered part of the same object. A small clustering radius will more likely split different parts of a large object into distinct objects. A large clustering radius may aggregate closely spaced objects into one object. 3.0 is a decent starting value. <br> Default: `1` </br> |

Author: ```suggestion
| `clustering_radius` | Optional | An integer that specifies which neighboring points count as being "close enough" to be potentially put in the same cluster. 
This parameter determines how big the candidate clusters should be. 
A small clustering radius is likely to split different parts of a large cluster into distinct pointcloud objects. 
A large clustering radius is likely to aggregate closely spaced clusters into one pointcloud object. <br> Default: `1` </br> |
```

| `clustering_strictness` | Optional | An integer that determines the probability threshold for sorting neighboring points into the same cluster, or how "easy" `viam-server` should determine it is to sort the points the robot's camera sees into this pointcloud.
The lower the number, the bigger your clusters will be. <br> Default: `5` </br> |

> | `max_dist_from_plane_mm` | Optional | A float that determines how much area above and below an ideal ground plane should count as the plane for which points are removed. For fields with tall grass, this should be a high number. The default value is 100 mm. <br> Default: `1`. </br> |

Author: Changed, might have been a copy error-- thank you for catching!

| Parameter | Inclusion | Description |
| --------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `min_points_in_plane` | Optional | An integer that specifies how many points there must be in a flat surface for it to count as a plane. This is to distinguish between large planes, like the floors and walls, and small planes, like the tops of bottle caps. <br> Default: `500` </br> |
| `min_points_in_segment` | Optional | An integer that sets a minimum size to the returned objects, and filters out all other found objects below that size. |

> | `clustering_radius` | Optional | An integer that specifies which neighboring points count as being "close enough" to be potentially put in the same cluster. 

Author: @kharijarrett / Bijan LMK what you think of my wording change w pointcloud here, I'm not sure about technical accuracy

Reviewer 2: Mildly annoying but can it say "how many points there must be **on** a flat surface..."

Author: and don't worry 😆 That's a great suggestion

This parameter determines how big the candidate clusters should be. 
A small clustering radius is likely to split different parts of a large cluster into distinct pointcloud objects. 
A large clustering radius is likely to aggregate closely spaced clusters into one pointcloud object. <br> Default: `1` </br> |
| `clustering_strictness` | Optional | An integer that determines the probability threshold for sorting neighboring points into the same cluster, or how "easy" `viam-server` should determine it is to sort the points the robot's camera sees into this pointcloud.
The lower the number, the bigger your clusters will be. <br> Default: `5` </br> |

> | `max_dist_from_plane_mm` | Optional | A float that determines how much area above and below an ideal ground plane should count as the plane for which points are removed. For fields with tall grass, this should be a high number. The default value is 100 mm. <br> Default: `1`. </br> |

Author: ```suggestion
| `max_dist_from_plane_mm` | Optional | A float that determines how much area above and below an ideal ground plane should count as the plane for which points are removed. For fields with tall grass, this should be a high number. The default value is 100 mm. <br> Default: `100`. </br> |
```

| --------- | --------- | ----------- |

> | `min_points_in_plane` | Optional | An integer that specifies how many points there must be in a flat surface for it to count as a plane. This is to distinguish between large planes, like the floors and walls, and small planes, like the tops of bottle caps. <br> Default: `500` </br> |

Reviewer 2: I meant it here in "min_points_in_plane" don't hate me lol

Author: @kharijarrett Hated (/s) 🤣 I updated but lmk what you think of the update to `min_points_in_plane`, I'm still not sure if I'm phrasing it well!
